# Assignment 07
## Brittany Streissguth

1. A div is a "division" or section that divides up a website. The id is a unique identifier that indicates what the div is all about. The class groups similar elements together, which makes it easier to style with CSS. The span element exists within the div element and is used if content needs extra styling or should be grouped together.
2. "alt text" provides an added description of an image, or piece of audio, or video. The "title" is simply what the media is, but the alt text is used in SEO, or for the visually impaired can have the elements of the web page described to them.
3. My work cycle for this assignment started with added the 4 main document elements, and the 4 meta elements. I added 5 div elements to my page and named them each according to the instructions, and then I gave each of them an appropriate heading. I then found the image I would use for the top of the page, saved it to my computer, and used a relative URL to link the image to my webpage. I then visited SoundCloud, found the audio for my song, and embedded the audio URL. I did the same thing for the video - found it on YouTube, and copied the embed URL. I found the lyrics for the song and used what we learned previously about paragraphs and line breaks to display the lyrics. I then moved the logos provided into my media folder in Atom, and used the relative URLs for each in the Copyright section at the bottom of my page, which I titled "Legal Stuff." Finally, I typed in the address for U of M into Google Maps, copied the embed code for the map, and put it at the very bottom of my site.
